[KEP-3973] promote DeploymentReplicaSetTerminatingReplicas to beta (#51502)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment.md

Reviewer: I see the implementation for KEP-3973 is also promoting `DeploymentReplicaSetTerminatingReplicas` to beta in v1.35 - we should ensure the docs reflect that. Is there a separate PR for that doc update, or is it missed here?

Author: FYI, just added a commit that is promoting the `DeploymentReplicaSetTerminatingReplicas` to beta

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

{{< note >}}
If you use the `TerminationComplete` [pod replacement policy](#pod-replacement-policy), the Deployment may not fully
use the `maxUnavailable` and `maxSurge` capacity that you configure.

> Using the `TerminationComplete`pod replacement policy can result in fewer (or no) surge

Reviewer 2: nit: whitespace needs a tweak

`.spec.replicas`. Terminating pods can be tracked using the `.status.terminatingReplicas` field of the Deployment.

### Pod replacement policy

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="DeploymentPodReplacementPolicy" >}}

This feature is disabled by default. You can enable it by setting the `DeploymentPodReplacementPolicy` and
`DeploymentReplicaSetTerminatingReplicas` [feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
on the [API server](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/)
and on the [kube-controller-manager](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-controller-manager/)

Pods that belong to a Deployment can become terminating due to deletion, usually during
the rollout or an update to the scale of an existing Deployment.
After a change to a Deployment, some pods may take a long time to terminate and may consume
additional resources during that period. As a result, the total number of all pods can temporarily exceed
`.spec.replicas` (or `.spec.replicas` + `.spec.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxSurge` for RollingUpdate Deployments).

> A `.spec.podReplacementPolicy` field can be used to control when a Deployment should create new pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `.spec.podReplacementPolicy` field to control when
a Deployment should create new Pods (via its ReplicaSets).
```

Policies:

`TerminationStarted`
: This policy creates replacement Pods when the old Pods start terminating (has a
`.metadata.deletionTimestamp`). The total number of Deployment Pods can be greater than specified by the
Deployment's `.spec.replicas` and the DeploymentStrategy. It can increase the speed of rollouts, but it will
result in a temporarily higher resource consumption.

`TerminationComplete`
: This policy creates replacement Pods only when the old Pods are fully terminated (reach `Succeeded` or
`Failed` phase). The old Pods are subsequently removed. The total number of the Deployment Pods is limited by
the Deployment's `.spec.replicas` and the DeploymentStrategy. It can slow down the speed of rollouts, but
prevents spikes in resource consumption.

If you don't specify a pod replacement policy, the behavior of that Deployment depends on

> the DeploymentStrategy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't specify a pod replacement policy, the behavior of that Deployment depends the value of `.spec.strategy.type`:
```

Try to be clear on what happens if your Deployment manifest doesn't mention `.spec.strategy`

Author: Ok makes sense, but referencing the field just after the DeploymentStrategy.

* Recreate strategy uses `TerminationComplete` behavior when recreating the deployment,
  but uses `TerminationStarted` when scaling the deployment.
* RollingUpdate strategy uses `TerminationStarted` behavior for both rolling out and
  scaling the deployments.

> If you manually delete a Pod, the lifecycle of that Pod and its replacement is controlled by the associated ReplicaSet;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you manually delete a Pod that is part of a Deployment, the lifecycle
of that Pod and its replacement is controlled by the associated ReplicaSet;
```
